Template: adduser/homedir-permission
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Do you want system wide readable home directories?
 Normally, home directories can be viewed by all users on the system. If
 you want to increase the security/privacy on your system, you might want
 your home directories only readable by the  user. If you are unsure,
 answer yes to enable system wide readable home directories.
Description-de: MЖchten Sie System-weit lesbare Heimatverzeichnisse?
 Normalerweise kЖnnen die Heimatverzeichnisse der Benutzer von allen anderen
 Benutzern auf dem Rechner gelesen werden. Wenn Sie die
 Sicherheit/PrivatsphДre erhЖhen mЖchten, dann ist es eventuell sinnvoll,
 dass die Heimatverzeichnisse nicht von allen Benutzern gelesen werden
 kЖnnen. Wenn Sie sich nicht sicher sind, sollten Sie System-weit lesbare
 Heimatverzeichnisse aktivieren.
Description-fr: Voulez vous des rИpertoires personnels lisibles par tous ?
 Usuellement, les rИpertoires personnels sont lisibles par tous les utilisateurs
 du systХme. Si vous voulez rendre votre systХme plus sur/privИ, vous
 pouvez choisir que les rИpertoires personnels ne soient lisibles que par leur
 propriИtaire. Si vous n'Йtes pas sur, rИpondez oui pour avoir des
 rИpertoires personnels lisibles par tous.
Description-no: ьnsker du globalt lesbare hjemmekataloger?
 Normalt kan innholdet i hjemmekatalogene sees av alle brukerne pЕ systemet.
 Hvis du Ьnsker Ьkt sikkerhet/konfidensialitet pЕ systemet ditt, kan det vФre
 Ьnskelig at hjemmekatalogene bare er lesbare av eieren. Hvis du er usikker,
 svar ja for Е ha globalt lesbare hjemmekataloger.
Description-sv: Vill du att hemmakataloger ska vara lДsbara fЖr hela systemet?
 Normalt kan hemmakataloger lДsas av alla anvДndare pЕ systemet. Om du vill
 Жka sДkerheten/avskildheten i ditt system sЕ kan det vara en bra idИ att
 endast gЖra hemmakataloger lДsbara av anvДndaren sjДlv. Om du Дr osДker,
 svara ja fЖr att gЖra hemmakatalogerna lДsbara fЖr hela systemet.
Description-es: ©Quiere que todo el sistema pueda leer las cuentas de usuario?
 Normalmente las cuentas de usuario pueden ser vistas por cualquier usuario
 del sistema. Si quiere incrementar la seguridad/privacidad de su sistema
 puede querer que sus cuentas sСlo puedan ser leМdas por el dueЯo de la
 cuenta. Si no estА seguro responda sМ para activar la lectura global de las
 cuentas de usuario.
Description-ru: Хотите ли вы, чтобы система имела домашние каталоги, доступные
 для чтения всем?  Обычно домашние каталоги могут просматриваться всеми
 пользователями системы. В целях повышения безопасности и конфиденциальности
 системы, вы можете захотеть, чтобы домашний каталог пользователя был читаем
 только им одним. Если вы не уверены, ответьте yes, тогда
 домашние каталоги будут доступны для чтения всем.
